I thought there was a copy machine or something next to you that was running I just took his food away just looking at me like
This is the dog episode for sure
So Adam you have a wife and two kids you live in this nice house with a bunch of land
But you don't have a dog. So I want to know are you guys dog people? Are you gonna get a dog?
Mike I said, I feel like you wouldn't have a dog
But I don't know tell me I don't know I'm hesitant to tell you because it's kind of fun to watch you try and think about this
And decide whether I'm a dog person or not. It's kind of enjoyable for me
I don't know. Can we just live in this moment for a little bit longer where you don't know whether we like dogs or not?
Let me explain why I think you guys won't look like the vibe you guys have
Something about it feels like you wouldn't have a dog
I don't know is it because you guys are vegan like you think we hate dogs?
No, not that you hate dogs because we're vegan
You have to eat your dog at the end
Yes, but I can't explain it. I feel like we just don't see my dog people to you
Do we seem like cat people you don't seem like you'd have pets
Okay, and maybe just because I picked up your house
They're just like very like everything's like in the right place at all times. I'm a chaos of a dog
I just don't know if that fits. I see that that so that we're a little ocpd. We're a little
We have a clean problem like things have to be
Just so which you could still maintain when you have a dog. So I don't know it's just like a gut feel
I feel like no, you can't you can't I know this because we had dogs before we had boys
We so okay, so we had a dog mostly. I'll tell you about both of our dogs
Marley who my parents now have is a little miniature
What are they called? Yorkie
Actually the coolest dog in the world. So Marley is a Yorkie Yorkies are normally like
Just a little high energy, you know
Just a little too much this one totally calm the most relaxed they call they named him Marley literally after bob marley
Because he's just so mellow. I could just lays around. He's just the coolest dog
Uh, he's now like 12 13. I don't know we had him since he was little and then when we had kids
Uh, he was peeing on everything in sight. I think they get jealous of kids
I don't know and he went to my parents and that's where he lives now
Uh, but we also had a boxer for like six months
Uh, like a young
Full grown but baby boxer and it was he had a lot of energy
He needed to be like run around the neighborhood all day long to just like get it all out
And we were not good at that
Uh, well, this was also when we had
Our first who's not eight
So it's been almost a decade I guess since i've had dogs, but we did have dogs
They were our little children. We had pictures of them on our phone. It was just constantly like look at what the dog did
Uh, so I get dog people. I understand it
Uh, but yeah, once we had kids it was just very hard to take care of
The dogs as well. So they found new homes. I see but i'm still a dog person. I still like
Are you guys gonna get one? It's somebody your kids want one
This is a this is a conversation that started creeping up now that like the littlest is three and he's
More manageable all the time. Uh, we started saying like are we gonna get to the point where we're like life is too easy
We should get a dog and i'm afraid it's gonna happen. I'm afraid one of the boys is gonna get attached to some neighbor dog or something and be like
Yes, we need a dog. I don't know. It just sounds like
Actually, I could see myself being talked into it. I couldn't see my wife case. He's probably not gonna be down with the dog
I see yeah, I mean Liz describes in the same way
She's like our entire life is just we hit a point of stability then we just
Bring on some like new form of chaos. Yeah, and then we're just back to exactly the same place over and over repeat
Why can't we just have nice things? Why can't we just enjoy life? Why do we have to do this kind of stuff?
Okay, interesting. So maybe but you have to convince casey
Yeah, I mean I enjoyed like the boxer was actually the sweetest dog in the world and it was so much fun to have a boxer for a while
We we let him in the how like he lived in the house with us. It was just a giant dog
We'd always had little dogs like growing up. I had a little poodle
I'm a miniature poodle all all of my growing up years
Uh, so i've always been around small dogs to have like a giant
Well, i'm sure zuko's huge like it's just a different experience big dogs are totally. Yeah, I will say i'm obviously biased
But here's why I like having dobermans is
So they're big and I think with a big dog you just get a bunch of things
You don't want small dogs like you just like connect with them more and like they feel more like people oil in a way
Um, and they're like they're definitely like more intelligent in general so you can bond with them a lot
but dobermans are like
They're like kind of like related to great Danes. So and you know how they're like super lazy like great danger
Like super lazy and they're so big and they're lazy
Yeah, they are kind of similar in that like ever even when he was a pup and he's still a pup. He just turned one but like
He like is really chill when he's inside for the most part despite his size
Like he's not like knocking shit over and everything of course
He's still a dog so they're like to some degree like he will get his little burst
But I had a lab growing up. I had like another rescue that was like a mix like a lab plus
An Australian shepherd mix and those dogs were like insane all day
Uh, so compared to that dobermans like you know very very calm and
Probably the easiest dog I've ever had so do they do they shed everywhere though?
Are they a shedding dog? Well, so that's another thing. So I had these like super shitty dogs
Zuko does shed but for a while we actually thought he didn't because like we weren't really seeing it
But his hair is really short and black so when he does shed, it's not like super obvious
And it's really not a lot. He's like not zero shedding dog
But he's like a very low shedding dog and
Like my other dogs would like dump like entire sweaters worth of fur on the ground and so very different
Um, yeah, so yeah, I think all around, you know calm dog
Easier train super smart shedding is not a big deal
The size is the only thing that is like, you know, some people can't manage a dog with a certain size
But like, you know, you guys would be fine. So yeah, that's my recommendation plus you need security on that property
I know the security element. Yeah, it's that that that aspect of it is very attractive
And the honor of zuko zuko like I've never really had opinions about dobermans
But seeing all the pictures in the video of zuko
Uh does make them seem pretty cool. I've considered it. But yeah, you gotta talk it
We'll see. Okay. I think I've just gone from like, no, we'll never have a dog. They're like, no, I just gotta talk
Just in the space of his wife everyone's wives end up not liking me because I just create problems for them
Could see that I could see that
Speaking of dogs. Uh, did you catch the congressional hearing with uh, sam altman
It was not like a slight pictures and like the memes and I saw like one or two lines
But I will like for a reason. I just was like
I don't want to see this, but yeah, I'm interested to hear about it. Like what did you take away?
The main thing I took away or the thing I heard I did not watch it and I have not really
Consumed much about it. But I did hear the line. He said about not having equity. He doesn't have equity in open AI. What's that about?
Well, I know he's not just like altruistic. There's something we're missing
No, I mean, I'm sure he has like a bunch of indirect stuff where like he invested in a
Fund that invested in open AI. I just wouldn't be surprised if it was a setup like that
Um, well, does it don't are do they have some plan for some cryptocurrency or something? That's a different company. That's the world clan thing
Oh, okay. Not related to open. Yeah, so on one hand, I'm sure he has some connection
But on the other hand, I can also kind of believe it because like he has more money than
You ever can spend probably so
That's true. I don't know. Why not? Um, but something
I mean, the whole company's structure is so weird, right? Because there was supposed to be a good effect to be a chair. Yeah, and they transitioned to something else
So it's because in a typical company you absolutely want the CEO to have equity because like
That you need them and bought in and invested like it's like weird that they wouldn't have any
Yeah, but given the history of this company. I'm like maybe that's why it ended up weird
I'm sure there's some like he like how it benefits in something directly. I don't know. So you do you
Just like do you like Sam Altman or you have problems with him? What are your opinions on Sam Altman?
Uh, I don't I don't think I have much of an opinion because I don't think he is a very strong personality
Not as on a criticism. I just feel like yeah, that's true
There's there's like not enough there to either like or hate. It's not like paul graham
Like paul graham has strong personality
I think I just dislike anyone associated with white commonator. Why do I dislike everything about white commonator?
Oh, you're associated with white commonator. I think I just dislike you and everything you're associated with
It sounds like someone got rejected and has been salty forever. Listen. I did. Okay. Here's the thing
I have applied to white commonator twice
And neither time did I want to apply to white commonator. It was in both situations
The person I was involved with really wanted to be in
Accepted into white commonator and I have always had the similar the same stance
That it's like the epitome of silicon valley to me and I hate it
I hate hacker news. I hate white commonator. I hate everything. That's like you should hire people in the bay because they're better
I don't know. That's just an Ozarks chip on my shoulder. Like I just don't like
I don't know people in the big tech hubs. Basically. Yeah, I mean I get that too
I've always kind of felt that way about San Francisco
I like wanted to always do stuff outside of it
But definitely get that. I think the the yc thing is I go back and forth because I
Have applied several times and I've been mix of accepted and rejected
Um and the times where they've rejected I've always felt like oh, this is 100% a lottery. Of course. I'm gonna feel that way
Uh, yeah, but I don't know it to me. It is a lottery like anything at that scale just becomes a lottery like there's so many applicants
Yeah, when there's yeah, so
Like sst went through yc and that was before like they were in yc like right when I joined or they're the tail and the yc
We're gonna join so I wasn't like part of it really. Yeah, I like franking j because they like it's almost a technicality
That they went through it. It was not like
Like people will never know that we're like a yc company. They're always surprised. I didn't know
I mean, I think I was surprised whenever I did find out. Yeah, so they're both
They were both like already very experienced and like building companies and they did appreciate the yc experience because like
I can tell it's almost what they talk about they've learned there and it's all like like good stuff
And I just removed like a whole class of problems in terms of when we want to raise like, you know, the initial steps
Like it just like removes like getting those meetings and stuff. But yeah, they definitely get give off the vibe. We're like
Yeah, it helped but like it kind of would have been if they never went to yc
Like it just it kind of wouldn't have mattered in the history of the company. Yeah, I don't for what it's worth
I don't just like people who participate like companies that get into yc
It's more the leadership and the people at the top that bothered me interesting. Yeah
Well, I think I was way wasn't end that was there are other companies that go through it where it just feels very much like
They could only have ever existed if they went through yc and all their customers or other yc companies that are also vc funded
And it's just like moving the same money around in circles
There's definitely a lot of that in that world and I think all that law that's coming to an end because it just is not possible anymore
But do I get it? What do you mean? It's not possible is is the is the venture capital thing? Is it actually drying up?
It is. Yeah, it's like it's
Especially mean by drying up, but well, it's just been like it's been a decade of like historic levels of capital injected into startups
And I've felt like with the changing monetary policy and all the stuff that's happening macroeconomic whatever
Uh, I felt like there's the venture capital market should be
Tightening. Yeah, the first there was just like a big lag. It seemed like between the real changes and then what's maybe happening now
No, it is tightening. It's continuing to tighten and I think it's reverting back to
Okay, I just referred to the last five years like the weird years and if I look before then
I'm like, oh, yeah, I'd like remember what it was like before then it was different and it feels like it's reverting back to that now where
Yeah, when you're raising a series a like you need a business model
And you need to have proved out that you can earn money and you need to be earning money
Like those are all things that people ask about now and I was like, oh, yeah, that's how it used to be like
People wanted to know if your business could be a business like yeah, it is like quote-unquote drying up
But it's to I think technically it's just returning to a sane place
Yes, relative to where we were it feels like oh, it's like, you know tightening
but
I think it was going back to normal place, but it is a lot harder for people to raise series A and A's now
Especially companies that were set up to like not have to think about
Making money to like a B or C
Now they have to think about that for their A and they're not set up that well and their team is too big and
Yeah, it's gonna be tough like
I know of people's companies that are trying to raise like
You know like a 20 million dollar round and they have like five figures of revenue per year and just like
Oh, it's just not gonna be possible at all. Yeah, we tried to raise a 20 million dollar B
When we had no revenue we didn't even have like a plan for how to to raise
Or how to actually make money like it was it was laughable actually
Did you guys have a lot of traffic at least at back then? No, I mean when we tried to raise our B
This is like five years ago six years ago
Uh, we had it was just our A was so easy to raise it like kind of let itself three months after we closed our seed
Uh, it just kind of like we had multiple options come to us the A was so easy that it was just like oh
We used up those two that 10 million dollars or we have plans to use it up pretty quickly
So let's go out and raise 20. Let's just let's get back on the trail
And then we were met with a rude awakening but they don't just hand you 20 million dollars
In hindsight, do you think you could have made that 10 million dollars last
To the point where you never had to raise again?
Uh
I don't know about never raise again, but we could have made it last a lot longer
We definitely went out after we raised our A and just like played startup like hired 10 people immediately
And we had no reason to hire 10 people like we didn't actually have it wasn't driven by good organic reasons
It was just like we have capital
We should use it and that's I mean to be honest
That's like what the investors are telling you and the investors make up your board at that stage
And it's like yeah deploy the capital hire people. I don't know market it do something
Uh the whole like poking with stick thing just like do stuff
Yeah, but we could have made it last a lot longer. Surely. I mean if we would have hired like two or three people and just stayed pretty small
Yeah, so we're going to be raising an a round in the next probably start in the next six months or so
And yeah, it is going to be tougher than it would have been before
We're in an okay position though because we have just three people and we're making money
And we're gonna like the next six months are all gonna be you guys have the dream
Yeah, I think we we know we're like set up really well. So at this point
Again, who knows what's gonna actually happen, but I think the range of possibilities are
Oh, the next six months we can either like really grow our revenue because that's where we focus on and then they will grow
It's a point where we have we technically don't need to raise
And if we raise in a situation like that
Then we're not gonna have to like give up
If we do give a board seat, it's gonna be like very selective to someone that like we can really decide
Yep, uh if we're in a situation where we have to raise, I think we're still gonna be okay and being able to do it
But it might be that we have to like, you know, give a board seat to someone that we don't necessarily want so
That's like the range of possibilities right now. I think yeah, it's just that's how life works
It's that worry. It's that way for everything not just fundraising right like you want to be in a position of strength
Whether it's looking for a new job or whatever
They'll have better options on the table if you don't need it
Yeah, so much is about timing like if you can wait like one or two months like your dream outcome
Might be sitting there versus they having to like take whatever's on a table right away
Yeah, it's crazy. I would all like comes down to that a lot of times
You did you have something you gained from the the congressional hearing that we talked about like 10 minutes ago?
I think there's there's like a few principles that I just
not many but there's a couple principles that I just like
fundamentally believe in
And I think I saw one of those kind of come out in this because sam altman was saying that
you need to have
He's going to the government and he knows when you're a company like that
That big at the forefront of something
uh, you have pretty much only one strategy which is
The government is going to come and try to regulate what i'm doing
so
I can't really resist that like it's going to happen
So you flip and you like welcome the regulation
You're like I want regulation and you see it's like a lot of times with big companies
And you can at least shape it to hurt your competitors that haven't even
They don't even exist yet, right?
Like if now that they're up and running if there's like a bunch of regulation like they're fine
They've already raised money. They can do it all a new startup
Is not going to be able to like get past that regulation and this happens in every industry
Like facebook was doing the same thing when they were asking for regulation
I really hate that i'm like extremely opposed to
So knowing yeah, i'm really really opposed to that especially when it's a new industry
We don't really know how anything is going to work
Yeah, pretty much a regulation just means that oh, you just solidified the incumbent
Yeah, you just picked the winner right there
So
Yeah, I didn't like that and I was like i'm like very skeptical of of any any like big company asking for that
How how would they even now we're two people that didn't watch or listen to the hearing?
So what do we know but that how would they even regulate AI like especially in these stages?
What would that look like?
Can you think of anything that would be actually good?
I have no idea because one I don't really
I don't even know what they would do. It's just so like
Made up at this point that the problem is made up and the solutions are going to be made up as well
um, so I have no idea and it's like it's just like technology so
Anyone can open source something and someone you can't stop someone from running it on their own
Like I don't I don't I feel like we're like really ahead of herself
I felt that way with this from the beginning like we're getting like really ahead of ourselves
We're talking about like
Having to like drop bombs on other countries data centers because of this AI threat and i'm just like oh jeez
I don't like it's all really cool. I actually I saw something today that was amazing
So erin i've got his name erin buddaman. I phrase a CEO of this company called uh replicash, which i've talked about a lot
I use it he wrote he really wrote hate to be another person writing a threat about AI
But here my thoughts i had a really good point which is
The feeling that we're all feeling right now is we saw a bunch of things that seemed impossible
Go from being impossible to possible
And the natural effect that we're that's that comes from that is
Now we think that anything that's impossible is now possible
So I think we're in that phase where like we just saw a bunch of creative stuff happen
So now it's like
Oh, we think this is going to lead to like everything, you know
But there actually is no direct tie with the stuff that was accomplished is amazing and it's going to change the world a lot
But this doesn't mean like
We have we're like
We're gonna have like squeaking his toy now
It's a dog episode. It's fine. Good. It doesn't mean we're gonna have like, you know
This is this is this might not even be the path to like sent to an AI or anything
But we're like all operating as we know for sure it is
Yeah, I know the the whole like microsoft research paper where they said sparks of AGI
That didn't help because I've heard the the truthers now like that's the thing they're clinging to like it's already AGI
We're already there. Yeah, and I don't know if it does anyone even know
Yeah, what that would look like at the same time
There's two things in my head. It's like we do need
to like protect ourselves from
I don't know AI doing things that it shouldn't do I guess but like is the government ever going to be capable of doing that
I just don't I don't know how those two things
Reconcile. Yeah, that's the other side of it
Like I'm also I think it's like very few things that the government can solve
I think government can like nudge things with incentives
But I don't think they can like actively solve a problem directly because
Those losers just just need to emerge from the people that are
Yeah more entrenched in it. Um, yeah, like really like do you think like I don't even get what the point of these hearings
Are like it's clearly like just like a show for show thing right like probably the politicians don't learn anything really
They couldn't know right
You know have their assistant tell them and like are they
Actually gonna come with any any solution. I don't know. It's all like a weird
Show thing. It's like yeah, but that's kind of what the government is. I guess. Yeah, it's all entertainment at this point
Everything is turned into entertainment. Yeah
I sound like old man
I think I have a slightly less cynical view of it. I think the government is there and everything they do
They do to make us feel like we're somewhat represented
So we don't freak out and just start killing everyone and try to become the next dictator
And as long as they're doing that like if they can just guarantee that we're not flipping that switch
Yeah, like just if you can maintain that long enough. I think you just become a good
Society because most societies are just like they do well for a while then like
Some rebellion happens a new dictator that kind of reset and it could over over and over. Yeah
What do you think the us is capable on that front capable of like do you think our society could ever crumble and go into just
Complete chaos like the I don't know people talked about
all the tensions
You know with trump and with like his following
Do you think there's ever a world where there's actual like civil war in the us and governments are being overthrown?
Or is that just like so out of the realm of possibility that it's never going to happen
I don't know but like the system the job of the system is a mate to make sure that everyone feels
Represented enough that they're not going to do that
Like I think people think oh, yeah, democracy should figure out like
They're they're optimized to figure out problem solutions. I don't think that I think there's optimized to like chill
Everyone out for a long amount of time so that everything else can work around it
Um, so from that point of view, I think yeah, there's just some works really well
Uh, that said like it's all like we talked about the other day. I think it's all scale dependent
You know at our scale of country that probably is the best system we can hope for
That said there's like these mini dictatorships that exist like pseudo dictatorships that exist that are like kind of nice
like singapore for example like
That effectively is like like a fascist state in a way, but it's small and it's like well run
So they get like it's it's like nice. It's like a kind of a paradise in a lot of ways
And like everything works well and the infrastructure is great and and all this stuff is good
But you couldn't just scale that to a country the United States size and have it all work
Yeah, okay, that makes sense
It will always kind of be jealous of other places like that are like specifically better
But you know at our size like this is the best we can do
Okay, this is this we started with dogs
then we got into
Geopolitics AI. I don't know where this episode lands, but I think it was better than the last one though
I remember when we were in track when I was in track
We when I was in the track team
We would have like our normal workouts and then once every month or once every two weeks
We do like a really insane workout that none of us were really suited for
Um, so it would suck and we would just do terrible at it, but it was like it was good
To like it pushes you a little bit. Yeah, but like it feels bad in a moment because you just suck
I think that's what we just went through. I guess we didn't say ever on the podcast
That we just recorded for this week because we're gonna be gone next week
Well, I'm gonna be gone next week on vacation
And our editor is also gonna be gone on vacation
So i'm gonna be getting a ton of work done because of this and Dax is just gonna get stuff done because there's no distractions
No podcasts. Okay. Bye. See ya
You